Rewrite editor lists in editor-setup.md (#46)
Akuli/python-tutorial: basics/editor-setup.md

but also highlighting mistakes in the code, and coloring syntax.

If you are on Windows or Mac OSX you have probably noticed that your

> Python came with an editor called IDLE. You could start using that as your default editor 
> but, it would be preferable to find other editors that supports more features than the IDLE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python came with an editor called IDLE. You can use IDLE, but we recommend exploring other options first.
```

The editors can be broadly divided into three categories:

#### The Basic Text Editors
These editors usually come with the operating system. They do not have features like
running code, auto-completion, etc. that make programming easier. They are usually used for relatively simple
text editing. Most programmers do not use these editors for programming.

A few popular ones in this category are:
- Notepad (Windows)
- Gedit (Linux)
- Notepad ++ (Windows)
- Nano (Linux/Mac OS)

#### Smart Text Editors
The text editors in this category have features like auto-completion, syntax highlighting,
running and debugging code, highlighting errors, etc. They are relatively easy to learn and have the necessary features
to start your programming journey.

A few popular ones in this category are:
- Visual Studio Code / VS Code (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)
- IDLE (Usually comes with Python) (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)
- Thonny (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)
- [Porcupine](https://github.com/Akuli/porcupine) (created by the author of this tutorial) (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)
- Geany (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)

**We recommend that you look into a few of these editors and install your favorite one.**

> #### IDEs

Reviewer: I imagine many people would get upset if we call Vim and Emacs "IDEs".

```suggestion
#### IDEs and advanced editors
```

Author: Even I had the same dilemma on where to add but, I did not want to add a new category..This is a great workaround...

> editors, and most programmers have a favorite editor that they use for

Reviewer: A few lines above it says that IDLE won't be used in this tutorial. Please edit it to say e.g. that you can use IDLE but you should probably explore other options as well.

everything and recommend to everyone.

> The editors can be broadly divided into three:-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The editors can be broadly divided into three categories:
```

#### The Basic Text Editors

> These editors are usually found in-built in the OS as part of its productive suite. They do not have features like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These editors usually come with the operating system. They do not have features like
```

> code compilation/running, auto-completion, syntax highlighting, etc. that makes one's life easier. They are  usually used for relatively simple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running code, auto-completion, etc. that make programming easier. They are usually used for relatively simple
```

Deleting "syntax highlighting" because 3 of the 4 editors mentioned below have it.

> text editing and is not preferred  for coding.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
text editing. Most programmers do not use these editors for programming.
```

A few popular ones in this category are:
- Notepad (Windows)

> - Gedit (Linux/Ubuntu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gedit (Linux)
```

- Notepad ++ (Windows)

> - Nano (Linux,Mac OS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Nano (Linux/Mac OS)
```

> #### Advanced Text Editors

Reviewer: I don't like "Advanced", it sounds like something that isn't suitable for beginners.

```suggestion
#### Smart Text Editors
```

> The text editors in this category are  mainly preferred for coding at a beginner stage. They have features like auto-completion, syntax highlighting,

Reviewer: I don't think these editors are for beginners only (except maybe Thonny and IDLE).

```suggestion
The text editors in this category have features like auto-completion, syntax highlighting,
```

> code compilation, etc. They are "smart" editors have "smart" features like Error Checking, Debugging, etc. They are relatively easy to learn and have the necessary features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running and debugging code, highlighting errors, etc. They are relatively easy to learn and have the necessary features
```

to start your programming journey.

A few popular ones in this category are:
- Visual Studio Code / VS Code (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)

> - IDLE (Usually is preinstalled with newer versions of Python) (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IDLE (Usually comes with Python) (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)
```

- Thonny (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)

> - Porcupine(Windows/Linux/Mac OS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Porcupine](https://github.com/Akuli/porcupine) (created by the author of this tutorial) (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)
```

> - Geany(Windows/Linux/Mac OS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Geany (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)

**We recommend that you look into a few of these editors and install your favorite one.**
```

> #### Professional Level Editors / IDEs

Reviewer: Professionals use editors from the above category as well. (I use Porcupine at work more than any other editor)

```suggestion
#### IDEs
```

This category of text editors are usually professional grade pieces of software. They are mostly proprietary and paid. They have a steep

> learning curve due to host of features they have to offer. Usually `IDE`s or `Integrated Development Environment`s fall under this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
learning curve because of how many features they have.
```

> IDEs usually consolidates the basic tools that are necessary to not only build but also test the software. These types of editors are generally not preferred

Reviewer: Testing isn't really essential to whether something is an IDE or a text editor.

```suggestion
These types of editors are generally not preferred
```

> in the beginning stage and is usually preferred when writing complex pieces of software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the beginning stage. They are meant to be used for writing complex and large pieces of software.
```

> A few popular ones in this category are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few popular IDEs are:
```

> - Visual Studio (Not be confused with `Visual Studio Code`) (Windows)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Visual Studio (Not be confused with *Visual Studio Code*) (Windows)
```

- Pycharm (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)
- Vim (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)
- Emacs (Windows/Linux/Mac OS)

> There are no "right" or "wrong" editors.The preference of an editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As already mentioned, there are no "right" or "wrong" editors. The preference of an editor
```

> is a personal choice and thus exploring all the options out there would be necessary to choose your preferred editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a personal choice and we recommend trying different editors.
```

> This list doesn't contain all the editors out there but a few popular ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lists on this page don't contain all editors, but just a few of the most popular ones.
```

> If you know another editor that has not been included, and you think I should
> mention it here, please [let me know](../contact-me.md).

Reviewer: I don't think we need this anymore. The lists are pretty good right now, and the bottom of the page basically says the same thing.
```suggestion
```

***

If you have trouble with this tutorial, please

> [tell me about it,](../contact-me.md) and I'll make this tutorial better,

Reviewer: If you want to fix this, please do it in a separate pull request. The right thing to change would be the `update-ends.py` script. 

```suggestion
[tell me about it](../contact-me.md) and I'll make this tutorial better,
```
